# stem-cell-code-autidor

A test project for 2026 JetBrains Intership application, consisting of developing a stem cell - like coding agent, starting as a general code analyzer and developing into a specialised subrole. This happens by the agent analyzing a git repository and autonomously developing required specialisation tools, for example:

upon detecting SQL files -> Security Hardener

upon detecting CSS/HTML -> UI/UX Performance Optimizer

## Setup
```bash
docker build -t stem-cell-code-auditor
docker run -it -e OPENAI_API_KEY=[YOUR_OPENAI_API_KEY] -v "$(pwd)/repos:/app/repos" stem-cell-code-auditor [REPOSITORY_URL]
```

## Tech stack
- Agent training pipeline - LangChain library, with implementated LangGraph for visualisation of the workflow
- LLM used - GPT-4o, with temperature parameter set to 0 in all calls.
- Containerization tool - Docker, to create a virtual environment for the agent to freely installed tools deemed necessary

## Encountered issues
- During evolution phase agent doesn't check whether the desired tool has already been installed. This led to a scenario of agent repeatedly trying to install the same tool. It has been solved for now via more specific system prompt.
- (possible issue) The "unspecialized" agent is too good at detecting vulnerabilities / issues in comparison to the specialized one, possibly because the main testing repositories were well-known, intentionally buggy / vulnerable projects (for example https://github.com/digininja/DVWA), used for testing code analyzing skills. It's possible that the popularity of these projects makes them "well-known" to the average LLM, so they're more conditioned to finding specific issues.
- This is more of a small nitpick, but I wasn't aware that the way in which LangChain functions learn about the newly aquired tools is via function docstrings, which means that including these in the functions is mandatory (and not providing one to a function leads to an error). For the sake of this project these were written manually, but for a larger scale I assume they could be generated by a separate LLM as well.
- Context overflow - the AI repeatedly calling tools for listing file contents / directory structures made the messages sent back to OpenAI API grow very fast, at some point reaching 268.5k tokens (OpenAI's limit is 128k). This was taken care by modifying basic "vision" tools given to the AI and proper truncation of the message history.